add core-js to datastore getting started dependencies (#6774)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib-v1/datastore/react-native/getting-started/polyfills.mdx

### Add Required Polyfills

> React Native or Expo apps using `react-native` 0.70 and above have Hermes enabled as the default engine and are missing some JavaScript standard library functionality that DataStore depends on. Add the following to the entry point of your app to polyfill these missing functionalities:

Reviewer: IMO we should avoid generic language regarding missing functionality:
```suggestion
React Native and Expo apps using `react-native` 0.70+ enable the Hermes engine by default, which does not currently support `asyncIterator` out of the box. DataStore requires adding the following to the entry point of your app to polyfill `asyncIterator` support:
```
